<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Fire">
    <title>In Case of a Fire...</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This task will teach you how to respond in case there is a fire while cooking
            breakfast. There are five other men in the apartment, so we need to be sure that we look
            out for their best interest, and quickly put out the fire if there is one.<p audience="armando">Armando,
                since you have a bit less experience in the kitchen, leave the overhead vent on for
                the entirety of your cooking time on the stove.</p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><u>Place</u> the frying pan immediately in the sink if possible</cmd>
                <info>If the fire is concentrated, you should be able to put it out in the sink
                    without much trouble. There will be a good amount of smoke, so go immediately to
                    the kitchen window, switch the lock latch, and lift.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><u> Turn</u> the faucet on right away, and try and disperse the water over the
                    fire.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><u>Retrieve</u> the fire blanket from the closet immediately outside the
                    kitchen if the fire gets too large</cmd>
                <info>The apartment does not have a fire extinguisher, but Ryan does have a fire
                    blanket. This should be large enough to cover a traditional kitchen fire.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><u>Throw</u> the fire blanket atop the fire, encompassing the flame</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
